{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight1\b\f0\fs32\lang9 Test data management :\highlight0\b0\fs28\par
Test data management is a type of operation that ensures accurate data is ready for the testers to help them in their swanky work process. Test data management (TDM) accomplishes compatible test data properly and flawlessly. TDM provides and creates a brief automated test that can benefit users without any difficulty in the middle of their work.\par
\par
In the past, the data collected by the application team members were not well structured. But nowadays in this modern era technology has improved a lot that we never imagined. For smooth and onboarding tasks any company uses modern technologies. The major aspects of test data management are regulation and compliance.\par
\par
\b\fs32 Features of Test Data Management:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs28 Provides required test data\b\fs32\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}\b0\fs28 Provides inbuilt data library\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Allows sensitive data masking and encryption\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Identifies data sources\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Prepares data generation rules\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Protection of sensitive data and many more.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Working of TDM:\b0\fs28\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Test data management analyzes each data with the help of new-fangled procedures. It consolidated synthetic data by identifying the hiatus in the existing test data.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}This enables companies to create the smallest set of data that is required for extensive testing. This is one of the most time-consuming ways to maintain companies\rquote  overall needs regarding testing management.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Test data managers can easily recognize the flaw and it can be spontaneously reclaimed. The information can be available in various structures that can be spread across different frameworks. To make this task easy and smooth it needs to use a test data management tool to make sure that the test team members find the right informational indexes before the testing application.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}With the help of test data management, prosperous data is put away in a central warehouse as reusable assets. Reusable data can be accessible later according to the needs of the testing team.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}It can be readily recovered at any time. The testers will receive the automated data whenever they need it, they don\rquote t need to wait for it or prepare it from scratch, by their requests the information will automatically be delivered for quick access.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}It reduces a lot of time and test data management helps to solve the bug problems and avoid any interruption when application team members are looking for the data.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}When the test data is dispensed, they are instinctively \ldblquote cloned\rdblquote . The initial data will remain unhampered. These hectic tasks become facile as the application team members can work equally well without any methods of transferring the huge copies of the test data.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}It provides the utmost security of the information and prevents it from getting lost while making any changes by the team members. This high-quality system is done by the test management team at a lower cost.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Importance of Test Data Management:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs28 TDM Provides high-quality software that will work effectively.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}It will obstruct unusual bug fixes.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Stored the primitive data successfully\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Decreases the risks of misplacement of the information.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Provides test data to application members in an accurate time.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Avoids higher costs.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Maintains security for sensitive information.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}Keeps data always in the right position.\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}Provides easy access to the testers.\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}No extra steps for the test data by a lot of team members.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Best tools for the Test Data Management:\par
\b0\fs28 Data can be stored precisely in any shape, type, format, and as well as in different locations. Consequently, these tools will search for accurate test data for the testing application. Then these will differentiate the two types of data and the tool will cover the sensitive information as the consumer\rquote s details. \par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The tool will edit the differences between the authentic information and the baseline information to look out for the validity of the petition.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}The tools will recheck the test data to get exact data.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}These tools will help in the entire testing process and will save a huge amount of time.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Some of the tools are\b0\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Informatica\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}LA Test Data Manager\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}LISA Solutions\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Compuware\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Delphix\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Microfocus Data Express\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}IBM InfoSphere Optim\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Challenges of TDM\b0\fs28 :\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Proper availability of test data\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Maintaining data quality\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Providing proper storage to test data\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Lack of tools and skills for data extraction\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Identifying corrupted data at an earlier stage\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1       6.Lack of domain knowledge\fs22\par
\highlight1\b\fs32 Test Environment Management:\par
\highlight0\b0 Test Environment Management (TEM) is a function in the software delivery process that aids the software testing cycle by providing valid, stable, and usable test environments to execute test scenarios or replicate bugs.\par
To take this one step further, we'd describe it as follows:\par
Test Environment Management is the function of understanding your Test Environments* and applying that knowledge, with appropriate governance and services to ensure that each testing environment is available for IT Projects, the DevTest community, and the overall software development lifecycle.\par
Home \'bb TEM Overview\par
\b Environment Knowledge\b0\par
\b What is Test Environments Management\b0 ?\par
Wikipedia describes it like this: Test Environment Management (TEM) is a function in the software delivery process that aids the software testing cycle by providing valid, stable, and usable test environments to execute test scenarios or replicate bugs.\par
\b\fs28 To take this one step further, we'd describe it as follows:\b0\fs32\par
Test Environment Management is the function of understanding your Test Environments* and applying that knowledge, with appropriate governance and services to ensure that each testing environment is available for IT Projects, the DevTest community, and the overall software development lifecycle.\par
\b Common Testing Environments\b0\par
*IT & Test Environments, that may include:\par
\b Development Environments, for development.\b0\par
Tip: It is not uncommon for developers to have their Testing Environment on their operating system. However, later phases of testing generally benefit from people sharing the testing environment.\par
\par
System Testing Environments, for isolated system tests.\par
Integration Testing Environments, to check connectivity.\par
User Acceptance Test Environment, for business sign-off.\par
Performance Testing Environment, for performance tests.\par
Tip: The Performance Testing Environment is often the most expensive test environment due to its need for extra resources to accommodate Performance Tests like Stress, Volume & Load Testing.\par
\par
Security Testing Environment, for pen-testing.\par
Staging Environment, a test bed for a final walkthrough &\par
Production Environment\par
Sponsored by Enov8, The Test Environment & Test Data company.\par
\b One could also say:\b0\par
\par
Testing environments are necessary for software development and testing before changes are made to the production environment. Note: Changes made in testing environments should not impact or affect production systems.\par
Testing environments are, or should be, built to match as closely as possible the structure, configuration, data, and code of production. Testing environments are created for various purposes such as performance testing, user acceptance testing (UAT), integration testing, etc.\par
Test Environments management is the process of handling the creation, destruction, and maintenance of these test environments. This process can be manual or automated. Automated test environment management tools can save time and effort by provisioning and configuring a Testing Environment on demand.\par
Test Environment Management is a broad subject and covers many facets often including:\par
\b\par
Configuration Management\par
\b0 Configuration management (CM) is a systems engineering process for establishing and maintaining consistency of a product's performance, functional, and physical attributes with its requirements, design, and operational information throughout its life. The CM process is widely used by hardware engineers, software engineers, and system engineers. Configuration Management is ultimately a way of understanding what your production environment and testing environment look like.\par
\par
\b Test Environment Planning & Coordination\b0\par
The Test Environment Management (TEM) process is responsible for the management and scheduling of test environment events. This includes changing, deploying, and configuring test environments. TEM also ensures that all testing-related activities are carried out in a coordinated and timely manner.\b\par
\par
Test Environment Booking Management\par
\b0 Capturing the demand of Development Teams, Software Testing Teams, and Projects to ensure early fulfillment of testing environment requirements and avoidance of systems not being fit for purpose and/or the risk of contention.\par
\par
\b Test Environments Service Support\b0\par
Avoiding the chaos in our Non-Production Environments by ensuring production environment ITSM-like controls. For example Change, Incident & Support ticketing.\par
\par
\b Test Environment Status Accounting & Reporting\b0\par
Providing real-time test environment insights so we can value stream and continuously improve our Test Environment protocols.\par
\par
\b Test Data Management\b0\par
The process of managing our test data so our test environments can better support software testing. And, where possible avoid using production data and introducing unwanted data security concerns.\par
\par
\b Test Environment & Lab Orchestration\b0\par
Promoting standardizing our test environment operations through Standard Operating Procedures(SOPs) / Runsheets and use of Test Environment automation.\par
\b\par
 \par
}
 